hey guys this is the blacks 5 from the
loo
fiber spy
that you miss it
move our trailer
everyone's give a little bit different
perspective
and I guess
that the whites ride
in the black sky
other things you move our review
we're thinking about at the time
so we're going to be having the skits
and whatnot we've got a couple of play
earlier with this truck doesn't hear
that
yeah that's a plan we're going to cut to
some
video that we took when we rode with
down shift last Sunday when he was in
Dallas grind it grind it all those
letters for a second but it was pretty
sick
he came down him and ran a ride come
through dallas and then a lot of other
motives others can appear to meet him
said that the me
good portion of the motors our community
and go ahead and cut to that video now
hope y'all enjoy and with y'all
subscribe
you
flex by here again real quick the video
didn't go up like it was scheduled to
some problems with the programming but
that gives me a chance real quick to
give a shout out to Jake the garden
snake our minion and the ak-47 for
tagging us at the end of their
downshifts video that was super cool of
them I definitely didn't expect that so
real quick I've much appreciated that so
on also check out the facebook coming up
soon spy vs spy moto and then also the
instagrams up spy vs spy underscore moto
so check those out it's a great way for
any comments and suggestions shall have
any video requests and good stuff like
that so i'll hit yall up next time guys
a piece right